Fan'er, don't mess around with your eldest sister
Let's get down to business.
Just the first piece of an east mountain
It can become the right thing in your eyes
This kind of thing
If you think about it, think about it.
Gain insight into opportunities
Know this land
It will definitely be included in the development plan of the new city
Prices skyrocketed a hundredfold
Humph is not small
Do you think you can predict the future?
You're right.
Memories that live on their own
I can really predict the future
Ding Fan, I was adopted by my neighbor since I was a child
Watching you grow up
How come I never found it?
Do you still have the ability to see ahead?
What a big breath!
This time it was nothing more than a fluke being fooled by you
But what if you were right?
This kind of fluke
There's no copying at all.
Taoist priest embezzles public funds without authorization
Is this an untrue fact?
Who knows if you are fake?
In the name of increasing investment
Come to Zhongbao Sina Ma
We have to take care of this
And be severely compensated
Otherwise, the family
Yu Group, we can't explain it, right?
Really?
Ding Fan increased the investment amount to 100 billion without authorization
This extra 90 billion will be wasted
Such an act that seriously damages the interests of the company
It's all about making fun of the company
Open your dog eyes
Take a good look
What is the first thing written on the hot search list just refreshed?